the most important means of communication
important country
about 98% of the population over ten
years of watching TV at least once per
week
are 24 hours of daily programming
available in several channels leading
information and entertainment
Brazil
but how will that content be?
produced and arrive there on your small screen the
The cube program came to a
tv and will show you now what happens
here is behind the cameras
to start the number of people
involved to make a single program
can reach 50 professionals of the
different lighting production areas
edition edition and also has the
reporters and technicians who
can be in greater or lesser numbers of
according to the program format
Who's on the other side of the screen?
accompanying is sitting there in a
An armchair chair is looking pro
television but can not imagine from behind
how complex is the work of
production is sometimes for 11 a
a small insert is
of 30 seconds of 15 seconds that is
that gives a job
not to mention that the final product has a
beginning long before it becomes
reality with the idealization of the program
This time it's worth being creative.
have great ideas on how to set up a
new content that will appeal to
viewer what the program needs
Tue
what kind of audience do you want to reach
It will be your language and setting these and
other questions need to be
answered even before work
be distributed to the
responsible for making the idealization
become reality from the moment you
we have a demand that comes from the
tv programming industry
then we immediately absorb
This and we start from life is an act in a
project is done all wrong a study is not
also searches for what to know if
that project is going to work
from the moment you arrive here at
in the departments of
production sector is we have already gone
work on and can understand
production as synonymous with a lot of work
run back take some have not seen
battle for the ins of the chair where the
presenter is seated at the
guests of a talk show
for the ingredients they need
be available when recording the
cooking table
everything is thought and achieved by
producers
Your routine includes hours on the phone.
searching for time objects and
right people
until every detail is in place
so that the participants of the
program can come and record and that's
that came on the scene other professionals
those who left the camera perfect light
in the right focus and the audio at the exact point
to finally be able to say here for example
It's for this recording.
within that environment that my room
of direction
We need a lot of things.
You get here and turn on the light and adjust
here and there and I have to hold something
safe then is this is interesting
from there a sequence of steps
techniques are made until the
result of what is being recorded
turn a program for we have a signal
in the home of the viewer the whole process
here in natv appeared starts with the
image capture inside the studio
through the cameras we are
using it in a given
this signal will be cut off in the
our twitter by a professional who
doing this TV direction in the
and made available to our
master who in turn will put this
for our transmitters will
climb to the satellite
and all this considering that the program
is recorded only in the studio but are
many who need capturing
external images interviews links to
live and office that text that you
listening now and accompanying the
images of matter
after recording all this goes to the
edition island where the raw material is
edited and transformed into content
finalized ready to be displayed
It's a very big job so we
has a constant challenge is to create
development and for this the
professionals have to be very good is
there must be a lot of dedication to
creativity and especially to make
television as we have done here
each each period passes for fifa
is all this happens behind the cameras
so you can watch television
there in the comfort of your home
and there are more other backstage images
of making off in this matter
you can see in our fan page
facebook is this
until the next